# Node.js Foundation Modules Team Meeting 2018-05-09

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vOltZBEFvM
* **GitHub Issue**:  https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/78
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o6VUMBgZxS1bwmj2BahiGYxZwGqLXudABhbvIkDduXw/edit

## Present

@jdalton (John-David Dalton)
@mhdawson (Michael Dawson)
@iarna (Rebecca Turner)
@fishrock123 (Jeremiah Senkpiel)
@robpalme (Rob Palmer)
@xtuc (Sven Sauleau)
@ljharb (Jordan Harband)
@guybedford (Guy Bedford)
@bmeck (Bradley Farias)
@geoffreyBooth (Geoffrey Booth)
@inidaname (Hassan Sani)
@weswigham (Wesley Wigham)

## Agenda

Extracted from **modules-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Discussion

* Use Cases (Tracking Issue) [#55](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/55)

* Modules team: @nodejs/modules
  - 55 minute timebox

### Approving PRs (4 Minute Time Box)

* governance: introduce PR exemptions for minutes [#72](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/pull/72)
* doc: add 2018-04-25 notes [#73](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/pull/73)

### Approving Observers (1 minute timebox)

*add tzmanics as observer (@tzmanics) [#76](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/pull/76)

### Use Cases (Tracking Issue) #55
55 minute timebox

